come on down hahahaha yum yum but you
already knew that didn't you
because this is the cooking with
Wormtail cooking program and today we're
going to cook monster pie one of my
favorites and my grandmother taught me
this recipe and that was just before
Voldemort killed her unfortunately hmm
anyway you're gonna love it it's really
really tasty come on Dale back cut yum
yum so as is usual every week we need an
assistant and today we've got Gregory
Goyle coming in to help us now is he the
fat one under sin one I can't remember a
girl coming please hi Peter
or won't ale I remember that oh okay
okay
hi if you're born tell can you remember
that how are you oh well I was okay
until I found that I'm going to have
this really intelligent assistant in
mikachu
thank you wonderful Dale back cut up ah
yum yum right pens and papers stood
ready the list of ingredients quite
simple a troll a frog a joker milk and
cream hmm just like grandma used to make
so get all those together and we'll
start Dale ha ha ha yum yum so the first
ingredient we need is the try oh are you
- Megan he's coming he's coming
oh god stop stop
what's going on oh my god
oil Caillou do something that's right
wonderful we not even levels up or down
ha ha ha ha
yum yum well that was hard work we're
going to do with this body
well actually it's monster pie criminal
was a bit of a monster let's just chuck
him into the cauldron as well that's
great
ok go you want to help me um yes um
maybe brilliant ok what an assistant you
are
can you go to Gotham City and bring me
the Joker please uh ok so go uh-huh
yum yum so milk the cow I've got the
milk I've got the cream in they go to
the cauldron and now the Frog aha
there's trigger the toad sure never
won't mind let's put it in or two
and now we have to wait for that
individual oil bail ha ha ha ha yum yum
we didn't kill Sara I did yesterday oh
oh it's you did you bring the child cut
mmm yes but um I didn't know which one
is a real one the real one what are you
talking about I'm joking with your eyes
shut up because who is the real Joker
meaning I am classic Joker from the
comic books
I'm Jack Nicholson from Tim Burton's
film and I'm the best Joker and Heath
Ledger Joker and I am from Christopher
Nolan's film I'm the one Donald Joker
yes that's me if you want a set meal
then you come to me whenever here in
surprise there to keep going down ha ha
ha ha yum-yum no I'm real Jonathan
jallat me on a real joke is you're
making today we want to come here come
on
pick me aah let's press smile on that
face
good notice oh you're such a fool
Juncker why so serious
calm down papa
yum-yum Oh kid okay so let's collect up
these junk bones put them into the
cauldron also this one on McDonald
character you can go in there too and we
bake it for one hour
come on Dale
yum-yum okay so that was baked for one
hour and it looks absolutely wonderful
it's a real shame that you cars can't
smell how good this really does smell it
has doesn't it Joker it's a good one
okay now listen everyone I've actually
got some sad news unfortunately this is
the last cooking with one ton in this
series but we will be back very soon and
until then all I have to say is keep
cooking and joking very funny
do you want to know how I got these
scars
you
ha
what's that no please
here it did oh hello there joking didn't
see us inside now I say on the cooking
with Wormtail program one sad meal okay
here you go
and it comes with a worm tail Lego Micra
figure Bon Appetit jokey cool down
hahahaha
yum yum